# Domestic Abuse Debt Study

Project to collect data for National Science Foundation-funded Domestic Violence Study conducted by The Universtiy of Texas Austin and Michican State University.  

## Overview

In many cases of divorce where there was domestic violence, the abused partner was coerced into taking on debt by the abuser.  Although it is changing there are few laws to protect victims from having to take on this debt.  This project aims to study that.

This project is the data collection aspect of the study.  Divorce data is collected from the Travis county courthouse records website.  These classes give the user the ability to log into the Travis County Clerk website and scrape information about divorces within a given time frame.   It produces a human-readable csv file of all the divorces.  From there, the user can download the divorce decrees that are relevant for the study.  From there, the researcher can contact potential study participants.

## Files

```SeleniumDriver.py```  This class contains a Selenium driver that is used for scraping.  It uses a config file to get the login and password for the Travis County Clerk website and then opens the browser and logs in.

```AllCaseDownload.py```  This scrapes the Travis County Clerk website.  It enters the year and then goes through each case record ('000001', '000002', etc) one at a time and scrapes the relevant information for the page.  The results are stored as json files, one per case.

```CreateSpreadsheet.py``` This class takes the json files generated by the Case Downloader and parses them, outputing a csv file that a human can use.  It determines who are the respondent and petitioners and also determines the gender of the participants, which is of key interest to the researchers.

```DownloadPDFs.py``` This class takes a csv generated above that has been marked for which PDFs should be downloaded.  It then uses the Selenium driver to download the divorce decrees for those cases from the county clerk website.



